README.md, before:

# Voicemail

A voicemail system designed to provide standard and visual voicemail services for a low-cost.

The main motivation for this system was the limited availability of Google Voice in certain areas
and a lack of carrier voicemail functionality.

## Clients
### [Android App](android)
This is the primary client for the voicemail services. It provides standard and visual voicemail
features, and push notifications for new voicemail messages.

## Services
### [API Service](api-service)
This service acts as the interface between client applications and the voicemail system. It supports
requests through its REST API.

### [Voicemail Service](voicemail-service)
The primary service for handling voicemail messages. This service acts as the controller for
incoming calls, ensuring they are handled as necessary.

### [Transcriber Service](transcriber-service)
A gRPC based service to transcribe audio into text. This service is called by the voicemail system
to transcribe messages.

## Shared
### [Protos](protos)
The gRPC protocol buffer definitions for the voicemail project.

### [Database](database)
A python package for interacting with and initializing the voicemail database.

Commit message:

feat(backend): backend system redesign
Redesign for use with an AMQP Broker:
- update protobufs to represent a message passed to the broker
- removed database module as messages are now stored in a message queue
until consumed
- updated voicemail-service to publish messages to the broker

Transcription functionality overhaul:
- switched from vosk to NeMo as speech recognition library for
simplified implementation and better results.
- moved transcription functionality from a separate service to a model
in the voicemail-service.

Voicemail service:
- implemented a cli script to run the service with some given arguments
- added speech recognition module under voicemail.asr
- renamed voicemail.voicemail to voicemail.service to better reflect the
use of the module

Other:
- update READMEs to reflect changes
- migrated pyproject.toml from using poetry to setuptools

README.md, after:

# Voicemail

A voicemail system designed to provide standard and visual voicemail services for a low-cost.

The main motivation for this system was the limited availability of Google Voice in certain areas
and a lack of carrier voicemail functionality.

## Repository Contents
### [Android App](android)
This is the primary client for the voicemail services. It provides standard and visual voicemail
features, and push notifications for new voicemail messages.

### [Voicemail Service](voicemail-service)
The primary service for handling voicemail messages. This service acts as the controller for
incoming calls, ensuring they are handled as necessary.

### [Protobuf](protobuf)
The protocol buffer definitions for the voicemail project.


## System Architecture

This system follows a straightforward PUB/SUB pattern where the voicemail service acts as a
publisher and publishes message to its corresponding queue. The android app implements a background
service that consumes messages from this queue, updating its internal database, and notifying users
via notifications.
